there was little question about Francis
Gabriel Nassif getting inducted in his
first year of eligibility no really
nothing has 9 top aides Peter please
know that we talked to him I think he's
the best player right now the only
questions about Nassif are where he
ranks in the all-time pantheon of magic
grades I mean one thing we joke about in
an RD is players who sort of show
there's more skill and magic than we
thought there was skill and magic and
John and kind gave it the too great for
the ones that really say look magic has
even more skill than you think there's a
nonzero chance at some point in near
future we look up one like holy crap
gave him the seefs the best player of
all time still just a teenager his first
event resulted in a top 64 finish Amit
Gabriella sit for the first time on his
first PT PT Chi cago 2001 and we were
all playtesting together and here his
own mono blue brew with flyers and stuff
it was the only one playing it and he
didn't want to play anyone elses brew he
would finish top 64 and three of his
next four events where the 66 this is
only miss he began his rise to
prominence with the Grand Prix finals
was one of the breakthrough tournament
was back in lon GP London and the
following week at the team pro tour
playing CAI twice in a row that was his
break it's been under to her ever since
and then is a member of the second-place
team at Pro Tour New York but nassif was
the mastermind in that team he was the
guys in the middle he was the guy
calling the pace and that was definitely
our toughest match in the whole Pro Tour
in 2004 he rested the Player of the Year
title away from Kai Buddha Gabriel
Massif not only one player of the year
but one in a year were another Pro Tour
player had two Pro Tour wins he would go
on to rack up a total of nine Pro Tour
top aides in just forty six appearances
including some of the most electric
moments in the Pro Tour history from his
improbable game win against Patrick
Chapin at Worlds in every single time it
had to be right for a nassif to win and
the crowd was just cheering cuz every
single kind time a card was pulled and
it was the right card people realize we
were that much closer to the sieve
pulling off the impossible and to his
called shot in Kyoto to his riveting
tournament clinching win over lsv at
that same of
and it's efz one of the undisputed
masters of the game and he's actually
one of the players I like playing
against the least not because it's
unpleasant our matches are always
awesome but he's so hard to trick like
nassif is a deck-building force to be
reckoned with
from his format defining tooth and nail
deck she was recently as the last pro
tour creating the white we need act that
propelled Chi Buddha and Paul Reitzel
into the top eight of Pro Tour Amsterdam
he understands moments like very few
others on the PT level and his
constructed decks are always good
whenever he plays he can started back
and a couple of other people play that
you will find someone sitting at EXO and
people like to talk about who's the the
best player in the game right now it was
John it was Kai then while it was Kenji
was lsv maybe Brad Nelson are we sure it
hasn't just been deceived the whole time
for all his greatness in the game he
also remains one of the most affable and
beloved personalities on the Pro Tour
you know he's laid-back he's humble he's
you know kind of many ways everything
you'd look for and what you'd want in
your competitive environment he has this
approach that he's very friendly with
buyers with judges etc he doesn't he's
always very very nice to hang out with
and obviously one of the best players in
the world
new players I can see them as their idol
you know because he's he wins all the
time he's a nice guy and he has a yellow
head
so how does it feel to be in the Hall of
Fame feels good was pretty
I was pretty touched by everything
everything everyone said so she's scared
what do you remember about going to your
first play I don't know a lot of a lot
of things for some reason and I remember
more from that teacher than a lot of
daughter 5070 was my first time in the
States and we were sitting in kind of a
weird hotel because I guess that's kind
of cheap and the elevator was like
operated manually so that was funny I
was just a dude standing on the stool
sitting on the sill all day opening and
closing the door and then as you I felt
that I had my own deck and I was pretty
nervous was my first beauty but I did
pretty well
beep kid couple names I recognized from
like the coverage and everything so
played Bob Bob Maher Michael Pacific
Christian there's she utters so and then
just hanging out was like different
she's a meeting like other like or
people are already met like Ryan fuller
already met him in Paris or like Beneful
and no and people like that so it was
pretty amazing you don't have a 10-year
magic career successfully jurors without
the help of some people they're people
you want to thank at this point for your
career
oh no just I guess my family was always
pretty support supportive and like all
like all the friends I met and was who I
like Brewed acts and like J tested and
stuff like Mark Harold's maybe keep it
like that the ruins
Frankie knew like all the good French
players and I was like able to play with
and I get better like Amy and the liquor
last was wanted in my first like teen PT
and I yeah just so many people that yeah
if you got to pick one memory playing an
approach or ten years what would it be
what's your favorite memory no maybe
right now but before that I don't know
maybe Kyoto copied in Kyoto yeah it was
just amazing awesome chose the ring